# case_study- Full description

Case study: Business assignment
Assignment: Client Selection for Second Round of Investment Campaign
Access the data for the assignment using this link.

The data contains client information and historical performance from the first round of the investment campaign.

The objective is to target additional clients in the second round of the campaign (additional = those from the database who have not been contacted yet).

In the second round, clients will be offered a cash-back bonus of 1,000 CZK directly deposited into their bank accounts.

The goal is to select 3,000 clients who are most likely to invest and provide the best trade-off between the costs (e.g., offered cash-back, time to prepare the campaign) and the expected amount of money the clients would be able to invest.

This trade-off is crucial as it will determine the revenue generated by the campaign.

Expected deliverables
Phase 1
Select client ids of 3,000 individuals that are recommended as a target for second round of the investment campaign.

It is highly recommended to explore multiple modelling approaches to select these ids.

Client ids will be saved to file named second_phase_target.csv, file will contain exactly one column named "target".

CSV file will be sent to katerina.tarantova@cz.ey.com together with evaluation of expected campaign performance (conversion, expected revenue...). That may be short summary, graphs or whatever you feel appropriate to support your decision about selected campaign target. Keep in mind, that for this case study purpose, recipient of this summary is "business stakeholder" NOT a "data scientist". Therefore the argument should be convincing from business perspective.

Phase 2
You will receive results of the second campaign run on your email. Your task is to prepare a presentation that summaries business insights derived from your explorative data analysis, modeling and from the campaign's second run.

Support story telling of your methodology&results with dashboards. Prepare e.g. Dash interactive app or Qlik Sense visualization with comparative analysis of models used, reasoning why your final model was chosen and achieved results. Don’t forget to add insights derived from EDA part. Describe your methodology and interesting insights you have encountered in the data. In example, you may get inspiration in Dash gallery and embed your work in similar but simpler report as this. However, if you are short with time, static figures exported from Plotly library and put into .pptx will do just fine.

Compare the expected campaign performance from Phase 1 with the actual campaign performance.

Additionally, compare both actual campaign performance and expected campaign performance with the results that would have been achieved if the target selection was done randomly, without any data-driven approach. This will help you support arguments for using your model in production.

Ideally, you may present your suggestions for smarter strategy of exploiting the client portfolio. This strategy should leverage insights gained from the data analysis and aim to optimize the performance of the client portfolio.

Finally, you will present your work, showcasing all the insights you have gained. The presentation should not take longer than 10 minutes.

IMPORTANT: In case you find yourself short on time, prioritize completing as much as you can within the available time. Then, include a section in the presentation titled "Next Steps" where you outline the actions/approach you would have taken if more time were available. Also, please include "Lessons learnt" in the presentation to share your unique learning experience with others.
